New pages: HTMLMeterElement properties (#35638)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmeterelement/max/index.md

---
title: "HTMLMeterElement: max property"
short-title: max
slug: Web/API/HTMLMeterElement/max
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLMeterElement.max
---

{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

> The **`max`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLMeterElement")}} interface represents the maximum value of the {{htmlelement("meter")}} element as a `double`. It reflects the element's [`max`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meter#max) attribute, or the `min` value if no `max` is set, or `1` if neither the `min` or the `max` is defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`max`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLMeterElement")}} interface represents the maximum value of the {{htmlelement("meter")}} element as a floating-point number. It reflects the element's [`max`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/meter#max) attribute, or the `min` value if no `max` is set, or `1` if neither the `min` or the `max` is defined.
```

This property can also be set directly, for example to set a default value based on some condition.

## Value

> A number. The value of `max`, or the value of {{DOMxRef("HTMLMeterElement.min")}} or `1` if not defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number.
```
